Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Monday, December the
15th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report for the Benza Pro platform. As
you know, I am um in Tokyo and so we're
gonna get maybe three of these a week.
Probably going to record it sometime
around this time. So, inventory will be
different. It'll start to correct
probably a little bit later, but this is
what we've got going for us. So, let's
roll with it as we can. Charts by
Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Menthther
Q. So this morning we are looking at the
zero DTE put wall at 6,800.
The zero DTE call wall at 7,000.
Um this was 6850. It has been rotated up
for the new lines in sand. You can see
that we're sitting in very sideways
formation. Vbop is flat to slightly up.
We are in a buy the dip formation that
is continuing. Why is it a buy the dip
formation? You can clearly see we are
holding higher lows. Now watch for those
wicks because they have been
fairly significant. Okay, inventory is
quite long
here from this opening range. And so
we're going to watch this value area
low, the 6818
as the potential floor, but I would
suspect it is much higher, closer to the
1-day minimum, which is 6835. If we have
a look at the broad formation, we can
see that inventory accumulation is
occurring at that 6850
wall
that I mentioned. And so we're going to
be looking at the breach of that 6850
for continuation to the upside. Right?
That's what we're going to be looking
for. Next stop after that will be these
edges
here. And that would be 6856
all the way to the VWAP at 6861.
And if it continues, because the shorts
are probably going to get squeezed if
they don't unwind pre-market. If they
unwind pre-market, we'll probably have
ourselves another runup. Notice what
price formations have been looking like.
In general, it's up and down and then
down and up and up and down and down and
up. So, it's just wash, rinse, repeat in
a much broader widening formation. And
so, that formation should begin to
collapse and move. It is still a buy the
dip formation. And I do believe that
although we might have retracement,
we're setting up for Santa Claus rally
that could easily get us into this call
wall at 7,000 to the upside. So, that
would be pretty nice. As I mentioned on
uh the market kickoff last night, um
because the VIX expires after the
current expiration that we have here,
we're going to have a flip of flows,
which could make the beginning of
January
a little bit sticky, but we'll see about
that. Right now, what we are seeing is
dips or buys. So, we'll rotate back into
that. The anchored VWAP from Friday's
session is 6875.
That seems like a legitimate area for
final target up into 68.887.
Below we have the zero DTE put support
at 6,800 and then once again that large
put support at 6700.
the line in the sand for waiting around
for that long. My thought is
if it loses 6830,
I would say don't try to buy the dip
until it's recovered 6830 and you can
see where your risk threshold is from
there. Right? So that would be my above
below as it were. All right,
let me erase these lines because I don't
want to see any of these annotations.
Here we are looking at the NQ. Same sort
of thing. Inventory a little bit long.
It does look a fair bit weaker than the
ES, but it's still in a flow
that could give us higher lows. Um,
I don't like this line,
so I'm going to delete it.
I think this line's a little bit
arbitrary.
Okay, we can see higher lows. So, we
know that the traders are buying the
dip. We are sitting above the VWAP just
like the ES. We have positive momentum.
So, it's all about how well we hold the
floor and how far we move below. Let's
see what the gamma lines are.
We've got our zero DTE put support.
Whoa. Okay. The zerod put support is
25,400.
The big put wall is 24,000.
That's very far below. The one day
minimum sits at 25,200.
If it loses that line, be careful buying
the dip.
It could fade pretty significantly. The
gamma flows show us 25,000 and then
25,100.
So, we we definitely want to be careful
if it loses 25,200
because there's a 100 point pocket
underneath there that it could fall
into.
The value area low is going to be the
number that the NQ has got to get over.
Again, remember this one is a bit weaker
than the ES. And that really is a
rotational flow. Everybody's talking
about, oh my goodness, what's going on
with the AI trade? and then, you know,
Gemini coming out and beating the pants
off uh Sam Alman and some new whatever
that they were measuring. And so I think
people are just a little bit nervous
about
everything actually. So this one's going
to be interesting to see how well they
recover. Let's take a look at where
inventories been accumulating.
Looks like the top of the range 25,279.
So we'll say 280
down to 25,240.
So we got about a 40 point range. That's
a fair place to make money. You know,
buy the dip there. But you want to be
careful as it le if it leaks down past
this 25,200,
you know, there's going to be a problem
with a a potential deeper rotation. So I
would trade this box if it stays here.
realize that inventory does tend to
correct. Notice
um in one way or another. If we were
looking at Friday, we could see that
inventory held solid, faded into the
pre-market, and right about
900 p.m. Tokyo time, 9:00 p.m. Tokyo
time, which would have been uh 7 a.m.
Eastern. Inventory began to correct.
Right. So we are going to see some sort
of inventory correction. Just watch out
for that and prepare accordingly. Okay.
So um value area low 25,300
zero DT put support 25,400.
Um the call walls 25,900
and call resistance 26,000. Those are
very far away. And so this also tells me
they're looking for rotation to the
upside. If this had collapsed in this
particular way, you would expect if they
weren't expecting a reversal, you would
expect the walls to come down with it,
the zerodt pull walls to come down, the
call walls to come down. As it sits,
they're still far to the north. So this
tells me they're expecting that Santa
rally right back into the volume pocket
up here. So this is the undercurrent of
the broad options market. This is what
they're thinking. So they could be
right, they could be wrong. We'll just
see where they're positioning. Upward
flows. You're just going to walk through
these edges. Downward flows. We only
have two gamma lines that come down into
25,000 before
there's a $1,000
movement into the low pocket. So, I
don't see that at all. I I I actually
don't see that at all. [snorts] All
right, let's go to micro Bitcoin.
So, if you watched me on Market Kickoff,
I got on the back foot because the the
Bloomberg uh channel that I was looking
at on um the web
had to translate from Japanese and
instead of futures where I went to, it
just went to markets. And so, it was
actually giving me what it had done the
day before, not how the futures market
was setting up. And so the big gap down
that I was reading is all the flow from
the prior day, but knucklehead Fred over
here didn't realize it was showing
markets and not futures. And so when we
opened up pretty much even, I expected
it to have a fade and it didn't. And so
we are in a buy the dip. And that
includes what's going on with Micro
Bitcoin. It filled the gap very nicely.
really nice trade. Many of you know I
went long at the at the recovery off of
the first fiveminute candlestick
formation and then wrote it literally
all the way up. It did not um it closed
on its own to the north. Okay. So, what
are we staring down here? We're looking
at price action that is
really a bit sideways, but the put wall
has fallen to 85,000
and the call wall is 97,000.
So, they are also waiting on some kind
of rally. I'm just not sure that that
it's got a rally on it. That being said,
they're they are buying the dips. They
have come into the 90,000 area. That's
where the old put wall was sitting.
There's also a call wall that was
sitting there. So there's a lot of
congestion here. How do you know that?
The volume profile, see how this is
biodal. Biodal means there are two areas
of big pockets. So there's a big pocket
of trading here down at 90,000. A big
pocket of trading here up at 92,000.
That's where the old most recent
call wall is. And now it's moved itself
all the way up to 97. That's a lot of
price motion. So rotationally they are
also preparing for upside motion. Where
is that going to move out? My thought is
if it gets above 90,000
um let's see where it is. Thursday's
anchored VWAP. That's at 90,900.
it's going to have a much higher
probability of heading up to 92,000
as long as it stays under 90,000 here.
The rotation down is still the most
likely. If we do a trend line,
you can see that there's a fair bounce
here, right? And so 91,000 could be the
zone where it just stops dead. I think
this one's very sticky to trade. It
looks a lot like
uh oil maybe. All right. It It just
looks very very messy. So, I'd be
careful trading this one. Volume pockets
are very wide and jagged. So, wait for
the floor of a formation to go long.
Wait for the ceiling of a formation to
go short.
All right. Let's
before we go to any of the others, I
don't want to forget, but let's go to
silver. Silver's in a very interesting
space.
Um, let me make sure that that is not
uh [snorts] let's see. Okay, it's
definitely not three. It's got to be
two.
So, here is silver. And the reason that
I want to just touch on silver is the
following. On Friday, we had a massive
liquidation. It took out three days of
motion and traders are buying the dip.
Here's the thing about silver. When it
gets on a massive run, which is pretty
rare, right? It gets on these
runs and then sits in these wide pockets
for months just going sideways. And so
it had a jagged couple of months between
October and November. [snorts] And if we
draw, let's do Fibonacci here. Right,
here's the wave.
Here's the last wave. Now, two things
are happening. One, this call wall at
6475,
it was 6450, but this call wall at 6475
is a very big call wall. And what
happened on Friday with all of the
downside rotation,
there was not a lot of call buying on
the way down. There was not a lot of put
buying on the way down either, but
they're also not selling puts, meaning
the rotation to the upside they're being
very cautious about. So, what's the
bottom line for you and me as traders
looking at this? You want to, if you're
trading silver, you want to make sure
that you look to the left and [snorts]
you trim your gains going into prior
resistance. That would be old support.
Okay. So, the call wall for the zero DTE
is 6327.
It's also value area high. We want to
watch out for that. Dips are still buys
of course, but
it does not look like a runaway train.
So, be very careful buying the
breakouts. Make sure that your risk is
managed. Now, I'm not saying to you
don't go long silver. What I'm saying to
you is if you go long silver, make sure
that you are measuring your rotations
properly and prepare a place to take
some gains. All right. So, this target
at 6301
and [snorts] then 6321. It looks like
it's got maybe 20 cent moves to the
upside, which of course, as you know, is
a ton of money for silver since it is a
very leveraged and large instrument.
Just if it starts breaking candlestick
[snorts]
supports two candles away, you know
you've got an issue. My my thought would
be be very careful holding this contract
thinking it's going to rotate up. It's
not not necessarily the case. All right,
let's get to oil.
Someone asked, "Hey, are we still in um
rollover?" And the answer is yes. All
these contracts are still in rollover.
Of course, oil and gold rotate every
month. So,
what we have here? Okay. So, what do we
see? We had a pretty solid bounce off of
the floor where we're sitting.
Oil is testing [snorts]
higher lows, but we're also coming into
very significant resistance. Remember,
the goal is to keep prices down so that
inflation does not take hold. Here is
the flip side of that. [snorts] Because
we
live in a capitalist environment,
there's not going to be a lot of impetus
to
invest in the region if price action
continues lower. And indeed the US break
even spot depends on who you ask is
between
[snorts] 50 and
$55
a barrel and we're sitting here at 57.
And so
I would expect just like we did a farm
subsidy, I would not be surprised to see
some sort of oil subsidy or oil company
[clears throat] subsidies to keep these
guys in business
as price actions continue lower. I I I
don't know, but that's my that's my uh
you know guess. Where are we
accumulating inventory? Between $57
and
5780.
Really, it's 5770 and 57.80. So 10-cent
move still.
It's kind of a tight range, but
certainly,
you know, wash, rinse, repeat with uh
two or three contracts, you can make a
ton of money there. If it loses the
floor of 5760,
it probably is going to rotate down.
This is the first chart we've looked at
that is actually sitting above the
anchored VWAP of Friday. Right now, it's
still in negative flow
and we've got a few levels to watch.
upward value area high 58 value area low
5710 or so 0DTE put support at 5650
and the call wall up at 5950
that's literally where the chart's been
sitting give or take 50 cents for the
entire month. Okay. And
could we have a bounce? Yes. But every
bounce is going to get sold until it
doesn't. So, no idea how they're going
to keep flows down
uh or keep prices down because um
uh
yeah, there a lot going on there. So, be
careful dips or buys but only into
resistance. You want to be very careful
about your floors there. Okay, let's
take a look at gold.
So, you remember that I did say that I
thought that gold had reached its high
and it came dangerously close to
breaching that
um the other day. Where is this? Right.
See how close we are? Last time it's
October 20th was the last time we had a
high. It looks pretty good, right? A lot
of people arguing
that gold is
going to continue to break out based on
what's going on with the dollar.
You know, I I don't know if uh
I don't know. I know I'm being very
non-escript there. Let's just take a
look at what's happening right now. So,
it is in a buy the dip formation. It's
holding a zone. The call wall is
4415.
The zerodt call wall is 4440.
So they are expecting a push to the
north here. If the dollar continues to
fade, chances are this will continue to
rise.
Um, we had the interest rate
release and naturally that pushed it
higher. Right? Here's Wednesday's FOMC
release. Looked to be baked in the cake,
but the pullback held the floor and then
it rotated up again on Thursday. Huge
rotation here. And notice liquidation
break the entire market structure. So,
we had a ton of correlation into the
afternoon events from [snorts] that
liquidation break, but
price action has continued upward since
then. So, what have we got going on?
Movement up into these call walls seem
very likely. It looks like we could
potentially break into a new high where
I would have to eat
my hat if it happens to do that. But it
does clearly look like dip buying.
I would just wait for the dip, right?
Because the rotations, if you buy the
breakout
and you don't immediately go for profit,
this could get pretty ugly, right?
About 2:30 Tokyo time today, that would
have been
uh midnight or 12:30 Eastern time, we
had a big pop to the upside.
And now we're in sideways rotation.
We've got a 1day max at 4398.
Rotation down to retest value area high.
That's where I think the best buy is
down here at value area high 4335.
If it loses that zone, I I would not try
to buy any dips unless you're seeing a
really nice reflexive rotation.
buying in this pocket without waiting
for it to rotate back like it does
there. That would be not not very good.
All right. Finally, let's take a look at
Spy.
Spy. Um has Spy started printing yet? I
don't think so. Um
yeah, maybe maybe it's got one pocket
here. What is Spy showing us? Very
sideways pressure. Let's get rid of all
the annotations here so we can get a
more clean chart.
Looks a lot like the ES, right? Higher
highs, lower lows trying to hold the
bottom. Look at this volume profile here
on the side. It gives us
a [snorts] low end of 681 value area
low. That is probably going to be dip
buying. This chart is underneath its
VWAP because it just has not started
printing any candlesticks yet. That says
13th, not 15th, Emory. So,
it is showing us some kind of dip
buying. So, it should gap up when it
begins to print at 4 a.m. Eastern. And
we've got high areas at 683 for a
topping edge. Yes. Here's the thing. If
in the course of business on Friday,
people said, "Hey, I'm going short and
this is my real break." Markets are
going to rotate downward. If they come
in and they see a gap up, they're going
to get caught on the back foot and we're
going to have a squeeze to the north.
Very likely to rotate all the way back
up at 689.
That flow could be super savage if there
a lot of people trapped short here. So
you want to be very careful about
thinking that price action is going to
do one thing where it ends up doing
another. Dip buying certainly the case,
but if you're looking for following the
flow, it could catch a bid and then
rotate up very very quickly. All right.
Um call wall
690 for the zero DTE
700. That's the big call wall. the put
support 670
and the zero DTE put wall 680. So dips
clearly by zones. A lot of things are
rotating, but it's going to be buy into
prior resistance and then anticipate
another fade. price action ought to
square itself out or at least start to
get a little bit more choppy for the
next five trading days and then we
should start to see the Santa rally
come. Remember, Santa rally normally
starts after Christmas. All right, so
there you have it. That's it for me.
Take care, folks, and I'll talk to you
soon.